Fix minor issue in Script Monitor's get started page (#2308)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/page-shield/src/content/script-monitor/get-started/index.md

1. In your dashboard, go to **Firewall** > **Page Shield**.
1. For **Script Monitor**, select **On**.

> For more guidance on using the Script Monitor dashboard, see [Monitor scripts](../use-dashboard).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more guidance on using the Script Monitor dashboard, refer to [Monitor scripts](../use-dashboard).
```
